docs/decision_record.md, before:

# Decision Record

This document is a record of all formal decisions the Django Commons admins have made. The
purpose is to provide transparency and information to future administrators.

## Template

```
- DATE: SHORT_TITLE
  LONGER_DESCRIPTION (at most 4 sentences)
```

## Decisions

- 2024-11-01: Retain project admins as PyPI Owners.
  The repository's admins will be retained as PyPI Owners. This provides the project team
  greater autonomy and allows a repository to be moved out of Django Commons without the
  admins involvement in extreme cases.
- 2025-10-10: Finalized selection of the new Django Commons logo.
  [PR](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/pull/304)
- 2025-10-10: 2025 admin team reaffirmations.
  Admin team reaffirmed status for next year if we increase the size of the team,
  otherwise people are interested in switching with new people.
- 2025-10-10: Retire PyPI team in favor of all admins
- 2025-10-10: Create "operations" team.
  Create an "operations" team for people with elevated permissions across GitHub and
  PyPI to allow new-to-Django-community people become admins.
- 2025-11-21: Remove the Security team.
  There is little regular support from the team currently. The new process will be the
  admins will be notified of a security advisory and then they can reach out to community 
  members based on the context of the issue.

Commit message:

Decision record changes (#363)
* Reverse the order of the decision record.

* Rename operations to super admins in decision record.

* Add decision record about revising admin team qualifications.

---------

Co-authored-by: Daniel M <cunla@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/decision_record.md, after:

# Decision Record

This document is a record of all formal decisions the Django Commons admins have made. The
purpose is to provide transparency and information to future administrators.

## Template

```
- DATE: SHORT_TITLE
  LONGER_DESCRIPTION (at most 4 sentences)
```

## Decisions

- 2025-12-18: Revise admin qualifications.
  The admin team and super admin team qualifications have been revised reflect the reality
  of who we are looking for those roles and their likely qualifications. Admins can be anyone
  while the super admins must be the trusted members since they will have the privileged
  access.
- 2025-11-21: Remove the Security team.
  There is little regular support from the team currently. The new process will be the
  admins will be notified of a security advisory and then they can reach out to community 
  members based on the context of the issue.
- 2025-10-10: Create "super admins" team.
  Create a "super admins" team for people with elevated permissions across GitHub and
  PyPI to allow new-to-Django-community people become admins.
- 2025-10-10: Retire PyPI team in favor of all admins
- 2025-10-10: 2025 admin team reaffirmations.
  Admin team reaffirmed status for next year if we increase the size of the team,
  otherwise people are interested in switching with new people.
- 2025-10-10: Finalized selection of the new Django Commons logo.
  [PR](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/pull/304)
- 2024-11-01: Retain project admins as PyPI Owners.
  The repository's admins will be retained as PyPI Owners. This provides the project team
  greater autonomy and allows a repository to be moved out of Django Commons without the
  admins involvement in extreme cases.
